welcome to another edition of Sean's
unit Amy on youtube.com first and
foremost I want to thank every single
person every viewer every subscriber who
watched my video last night I didn't
actually know the core of my audience I
didn't know everybody that that many
people cared for what I do from my
opinion and that's what this is all
about is opinions and views and you
shouldn't get shut down off a YouTube
for you know giving your thoughts on
life on wrestling on roof on rumors
unruhe views whatever it is but you see
there are these particular haters out
there who want to make a comps to flag
Maya just to five my accounts my videos
give me warnings because I woke up this
morning I have a bunch of warnings flags
who knows if this video is even going to
make it on YouTube I'll be surprised if
it does I just hope YouTube knows that I
have done none of the following in my
videos there is no abuse there is no
hate
there is no harm there is no music there
is no sexually explicit content there is
no copyrights in this video there are no
spam there is no logos doing logos in my
videos on my own that I made or that
subscribers made all that fans made I
think every single person who supports
me
I don't expect every person out there to
agree with my videos I don't expect you
to like all my videos hell I don't even
expect you to be my friend I don't
expect you to like me hate me dislike me
whatever you want okay but the fact is
it's not possible for everybody to agree
with me and that's fine you can agree to
disagree
that's great alright but for somebody to
make accounts just to flag my videos
then delete garrick I'll make another
account flag me again and then I get all
these emails from YouTube saying I
violated the terms of this and that and
it's ridiculous okay it's ridiculous
alright some people might say shaunell
you know you almost have aw you know
you're on the verge of getting 3000
subscribers are 700 thousand video views
you see some might view that as nothing
but I view that as something because I
never thought my show would have morphed
to something this big I never thought I
would have got this good in a short
amount of time
so if every subscriber for every video
view for every friend that I have I have
earned that okay you might say this is
not hard work it is hard work because
when you get over a hundred messages a
day asking for your opinion and you know
answering questions and doing all these
things you know it is hard work and you
know I'll even admit I can't get back to
every single personal messages me but
that just shows what my show is all
about all right so if I'm gonna be my
YouTube is going to be deleted for my
freedom of speech and for what I'm
saying well then we got a big problem
here we got a hell of a big problem
because like I said no hater has the
guts to come face-to-face to stop me no
hater has the guts to do anything I'll
buy a plane ticket you know I'll go all
out you know in this video it doesn't
matter what I say now you know why
because my YouTube might not be around
for much longer
alright so for those of you who are
sticking around thank you and like I
said no hater has the guts to come in
person and stop me so they have to do it
behind a computer by flagging my videos
to get my my YouTube to have warnings is
this what has come down to this is what
you have to do to win this is what you
have to stoop to this is the low because
nobody has the guts you're all pussies
you're all a bunch of girls okay who
have no life you know you're not only
ruin it for me but you ruin it for
everybody else and you know what I know
these haters don't even care about the
fact that I just said that they don't
care that we have failings they don't
care that we have views we don't they
don't care that we have opinions this is
America this is the USA we can express
ourselves and say whatever we want when
we want
so if YouTube wants to throw my account
off because haters keep making accounts
wipe my videos delete their comes to
make more accounts and you know this
process just keeps going and going maybe
it is a you know a lose-lose situation
but in my situation I don't know what to
do if you want to make videos if you
want to you know support me and make a
youtube page for me make a Facebook page
to me tell every single person you know
to subscribe to me you know I've already
got an outpour of support like I said I
thank everybody who was watching my
videos but it's getting to a point now
where I don't know I'm going day by day
here I don't know if my YouTube accounts
got to get deleted I've been back and
forth with YouTube I don't know what
more I can do like I said my second flag
class thing today
wake up to see all kinds of flags and
warnings and and whatnot I don't even
know how my youtube is still on right
now but I do have you know I I have a
couple of people on my mind who I know
for sure who flagged me but I'm not
gonna bring up their name because I can
accuse anybody just yet but I have a
pretty damn good idea who these five or
six people are who have you know done
their flagging or warnings or what have
you so you know what to all you people
who did who did this to me I hope you
rot in hell and when you are dead I will
personally piss on your grief okay
that's exactly what I will do I have
nothing to lose now because my YouTube
accounts about to be deleted okay that's
that's that's the name of the game man
so if like I say all I know is though I
don't know what I'm gonna do with
counteract this okay I don't know what
I'm gonna do all I know is this Monday
night though I will be on Monday Night
Raw I will be in the crowd I'll be
probably holding up a sign and hopefully
you'll be able to find me because I'll
be having four seats and hopefully
hopefully you'll be able to see me more
people will read you know get reached
out and see what I'm all about okay I
come on here to talk about wrestling and
reviews and rumors it shouldn't matter
how many videos I posted they shouldn't
matter what I say or what I do it's all
a fact of opinion and view it's all fact
of me talking on that on here chillin
anybody I'm not here posting music hell
there's people who post WWE
pay-per-views Raw and Smackdown weekly
and their YouTube has not been deleted
but mine's is gonna get deleted are you
kidding me are you kidding me just for
the fact that they want me off YouTube
that's not the way you should go if
anything I have a lawsuit on my hands
here I have a lawsuit against YouTube if
they're going to take my YouTube off
just for the fact that they don't like
me well you know haters don't agree with
me so that's not a good thing okay so
you know what I'm gonna fight this as
much as I can like I said I don't know
what I'm gonna do but something has to
be done I guess that makes support pages
for me on Facebook reach out tell
everybody you know all your friends your
girlfriends or boyfriend's anybody you
know your cousin's your relatives
subscribe to shore interview
entertainment try to keep me alive for
as long as you can okay we have to beat
the haters and here's another thing
stand up for Sean's view enter
Cayman let your opinion be heard loud
and clear like it's never been heard
before subscribe right now and thank you
for every thing that you've ever done
for me every comment every message and
every view you know I know the YouTube
is gonna keep going you know without me
here the YouTube world is gonna keep
going and going and going and so is the
wider you see IWC but I guarantee you at
the end of the day if Sean's been timid
does end you will know there is
something huge missing from the group I
guarantee it